hello everybody and today i'm going to i
think i will just play groove and then
make a little feel that groove was just
the groove any group the fill its the
good old standard 1234 1234 1234 1234
right left right left right you know and
that's one of the phils that all newbies
play and then they stop playing it
because it's like four kids you know but
actually once you have played drums for
number of years usually you'll go back
and play it a lot so i play it all the
time actually sometimes I move around on
the drums like you know just
instrumentation Mike I call it is still
a red light left right left right left
right left right 16s all the way just
like you would on the hi-hat if you play
so what I sometimes do is to play God
with strokes instead of going right left
right left I go not faster anything
still just six things but I go to rights
and two left's so let's just do the
alternating pattern first you know right
left right left all the way around then
do the double if I can play it properly
it sounds exactly the same maybe it
feels a little different but the good
thing about this groove or dis sticking
and dou dou double double double double
double so you can move it around you
know so so instead of just going why not
indeed start on the snare drum and keep
your right hand on the hi Tom I do that
a lot of times it looks like you play
and that's basically what you do if you
play eighth notes it would be but now
it's doubles always in our improve it
would sound like this so I'll just do
the regular around first and then the
virus and then that one with there with
the double thing on the top
so what I like to do is to do to snare
drums meeting for it to meeting for four
strokes you know right right left left
right right left left so far it's just
normal and then I move my right hand to
the middle Tom and my left hand back to
the snare am I right hand to the floor
tom or low Tom and my left hand to the
hi Tom so you go ok it sounds like this
I forgot how it's going to do yeah right
that's kind of fun you forgot what to do
and another one I do is snare python
python snare mid Tom I Tom floor tom
snare that's one of those that I think
sounds the best
so to practice this you just practice
sixteenth notes
and keep your hi-hat going like I do
here I don't know if you can hear it
I've had some issues with recording and
doubles as well imperatives paradiddles
is where you go where right left right
right left right left left or maybe you
should play like this male and then and
the rim and so you can hear the
difference you go right left right right
like that's one B and up and then you do
the reverse thing like to e and that so
right left right right left right
you